just speak up if you're in need of
miracles that's why I'm here after all
I'd heard awful rumors about this place
and I'm afraid they were all true the
king gone the earth ravaged the burden
on the people weighs heavy I fear that
by now they may have scarce room in
their hearts for miracles why did I come
here well do I need any other reason
than to spread the gospel of miracles my
preceptor always said this art should be
shared with the world and such is my
only wish sometimes I fight the urge to
pack up and go back home it is well I
must do this and being out here all
alone only makes this a more fitting
test of my fortitude
I expected this Cathedral to be bustling
but there's hardly a soul to be found
here without any goings on I'll have to
move soon to a place I could call them
sorry
help the gullible by teaching the good
word
I expected this Cathedral to be bustling
oh hello there an honor to see you again
this room is not as it seems there are
two not one pathway is leading out and
only this lovely thing reveals the other
path and this new lovely thing only runs
on miracles shall I provide you with one
go ahead then may the power of miracles
be with you offer yourselves to the gods
the dark stairs
I see the darkest part within you
my name is Falcon I will track with you
what you need these are for you together
into the dark no matter the time come